---
layout: event
title: "People and Machines: Pathways to Deeper Human-AI Synergy"
date: 2023-10-13 16:40:05 +0900
event-date: "2023-10-17"
categories: events
---

<br/>

### [전산학부] 세계적 AI Guru, Eric Horvitz 박사 석좌 강연

- 강연명 : People and Machines: Pathways to Deeper Human-AI Synergy
- 연사 : Eric Horvitz 박사 (Microsoft Technical Fellow, Chief Scientific Officer, Former Microsoft Research AI Managing Director)
- 일시 : 2023년 10월 17일(화) 15:00 ~ 16:00
- 장소 : 전산학부 E3-1 건물 4층 4443호(오상수영상강의실)

#### Abstract

I will present on efforts to achieve the long-term dream of harnessing AI to extend human capabilities in a cohesive, seamless manner. I will cover promising research directions, including methods to identify and leverage the complementarity of human intellect and AI prowess, techniques for guiding a mix of machine and human initiatives, and efforts on achieving mutual understanding between people and AI systems. I will consider as a thread through the presentation the relevance of recent developments with large language models that are demonstrating surprising glimmers of broader, more general intelligence.

#### Bio

Eric Horvitz is Microsoft’s Chief Scientific Officer, leading initiatives at the intersection of science, technology, and society. Dr. Horvitz is known for his contributions to AI theory and practice. He received the Feigenbaum Prize and the Allen Newell Prize for his fundamental contributions to the science and practice of AI. He was inducted into the CHI Academy for his work at the intersection of AI and human-computer interaction. He has been elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Science and has been named a fellow of the Association of Computing Machinery, Association for the Advancement of AI (AAAI), and the American College of Medical Informatics (ACMI). He serves on the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) and has been an advisor to multiple national agencies including the National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, and the National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Horvitz earned both his PhD and MD from Stanford University.
